Set up function complete.
Let's write out our tests.
So our tests are going to be pretty straightforward in nature.
We really just want to make sure that we can call on message.
We're going to make sure that we update the order status and save it.
And we'll also make sure that we emit some new event of order canceled publisher.
And at some point in time, we should probably also make sure we call the function.
So back inside the test file.
I am going to write out three separate tests this time.
We previously just combined three tests together into one and I said you probably shouldn't do this.
I really dislike and of course doing one thing and saying, Oh yeah, don't do this.
So we're just going to write this out correctly.
We're just going to make three separate tests.
I'm going to first say it updates the order status to it.
That's the first thing we want.
We want to take care of.
Well, then make sure that we emit an order canceled.
Event.
And then naturally we should ask the message.
All right.
Each of these we've pretty much done before.
So it should be pretty straightforward in nature.
In all three of them.
We definitely want to pull the listener order ticket data and message from a wait setup.
And we're definitely going to want to.
All three of them await listener on message and pass in data and message.
Because they all need this.
Let's just do a copy paste right away.
I'm going to take those two lines and paste them in the other two tests.
And then we can go through and fill out the expectations for each.
So on this first one, I bet you could guess what we're going to do here.
We're going to reach into our order collection.
We're going to find the order that has been saved, hopefully updated.
We're going to fetch it out of that collection and then just make sure that the status property was
updated to cancelled pretty much it.
So we'll do an updated order will be and await order.
Find by ID.
Order ID.
Remember, we do have the order right there, but in theory that is an out-of-date version of the order.
So then we'll do an expectation.
We'll make sure that the updated order status property equals order status got cancelled.
As usual.
Let's throw that exclamation on there.
We've been over that so many times now.
Yes.
That should be it for test number one.
We'll run all these and make sure they all fail at the end.
Let's just make them or put together some implementation for all three to get started.
Next up is order cancelled.
So we need to somehow take a look at our Nats wrapper mark right here.
We've been over this once before as well.
Do you remember the Nats wrapper?
It is a mock function or specifically the published function inside there.
So we're going to get the Nats wrapper client publish and we're going to take a look at that mock and
just make sure that it was called.
And if we want to, we can also make sure that it was coupled with a very specific set of arguments.
So back down at the order cancelled event.
We're going to throw in a that's rapper client publish and then remember this polish function is a jest
mock.
So to help TypeScript understand that we can then put down as just dot mock.
That's a typescript is going to understand that this thing is supposed to be a mock function and it's
going to give us access to all the appropriate properties on there without complaining to us a whole
bunch.
I'm going to wrap that with parentheses.
And then remember, if you want to get access to all the different times this function has been invoked,
we can chain on a calls.
Ask me.
McCall's.
That's better.
And that's going to be an array of all the different times, all the different arguments that this thing
has been provided over time.
So Elish should have only been invoked one single time.
So take a look at the first time it was called, and then maybe we want to just make sure that this
event that we just published.
How about let's say that we make sure it has the correct order ID inside of it, back inside of our
listener.
Here's what we are publishing.
So we might just want to make sure that we are imitating the event with the correct order ID.
So for that, we can get access to the second argument inside there, because remember, the first argument
is the subject or the channel name that we are publishing this event to.
This is going to give us back the entire data object as JSON.
So we're going have to turn it into an actual object and then we can pull the ID property out of it.
So I'll do a JSON parse.
Wrap that entire thing with a set of parentheses.
And I'll sign this to about event data.
Is that line is getting really long.
Then let's do an expectation here and we'll say that we expect event data ID.
To equal order.
I'd.
We can also just very simply maybe on the line right above all that stuff, we could add in a very simple
expectation just to make sure that the mark itself is published function actually was invoked.
So a kind of two stage expectation is really nice in that regard because we can first make sure that
the thing called and then maybe even if it was called, it might have been given the incorrect arguments.
And so the two stage kind of set up or two expectations kind of helps you debug stuff in the future.
So right above that event data stuff, I'll put in a net's wrapper client publish.
You have.
Come on.
Ben felt.
There we go.
Now, if you do not really remember this part right here from the last time we did it, you could take
that value right there and just do a quick console log of it.
Just to get a quick reminder of yes calls is the array of all the different times this mock function
was invoked.
Okay.
Onto the last one.
Let's take care of this really quickly.
So we definitely done this one many times.
We're just going to take a look at our message and make sure that the act function was invoked.
So I'll do it and expect message to have been.
Cult.
And that is it.
We are all done.
Let's save this.
We could definitely clean up some of the structured arguments in here if you want to.
By the way, didn't really need to get here, I guess.
Didn't need to pick it up here.
Totally up to you.
At any rate, let's make sure we just save the file and we'll go run our tests.
The back of my terminal will change into orders.
Do an NP run test.
And for the first go round, we're going to pray, really just hope, I suppose, that all of our tests
pass.
That's what we're looking for.
Yep.
Looks good.
Now that everything is passing as usual, I still want to make sure that we can get our test to fail
because they might be passing through some fault on our side.
So for all three tests we just wrote out, I'm going to comment out the on message call.
So there's three comments.
Well, then save this.
It will now flip back over and just make sure that we've got exactly three failures.
Yep.
Three failed.
Very good.
All right, I'll undo those changes.
So they're now all uncommitted.
Say this again and we are all set.
All right.
So that's one more step down.
We're getting closer and closer to finishing up this application.
We still have a pretty good amount to do.
So let's take a pause right here and move forward in just a moment.